And 1.1.81 is officially BugFree(tm), so if you receive any bug-reports
on it, you know they are just evil lies."
(By Linus Torvalds, Linus.Torvalds@cs.helsinki.fi)
I got the bill for my surgery.  Now I know what those doctors were
wearing masks for.
		-- James Boren
"Let me guess, Ed.  Pentescostal, right?"
-- Starcap'n Ra, ra@asuvax.asu.edu

"Nope.  Charismatic (I think - I've given up on what all those pesky labels
 mean)."
-- Ed Carp, erc@unisec.usi.com

"Same difference - all zeal and feel, averaging less than one working brain 
cell per congregation. Starcap'n Ra, you pegged him.  Good work!"
-- Kenn Barry, barry@eos.UUCP
Drinking coffee for instant relaxation?  That's like drinking alcohol for
instant motor skills.
		-- Marc Price
The only thing cheaper than hardware is talk.
Pete:	Waiter, this meat is bad.
Waiter:	Who told you?
Pete:	A little swallow.
Lots of girls can be had for a song.  Unfortunately, it often turns out to
be the wedding march.
You know my heart keeps tellin' me,
You're not a kid at thirty-three,
You play around you lose your wife,
You play too long, you lose your life.
Some gotta win, some gotta lose,
Goodtime Charlie's got the blues.
	A father gave his teen-age daughter an untrained pedigreed pup for
her birthday.  An hour later, when wandered through the house, he found her
looking at a puddle in the center of the kitchen.  "My pup," she murmured
sadly, "runneth over."
This is, of course, totally uninformed specualation that I engage in to help 
support my bias against such meddling... but there you have it.
-- Peter da Silva, speculating about why a computer program that had been
changed to do something he didn't approve of, didn't work
It's the same old story; boy meets beer, boy drinks beer... boy gets
another beer.
		-- Cheers
Words must be weighed, not counted.
Rincewind looked down at him and grinned slowly.  It was a wide, manic, and
utterly humourless rictus.  It was the sort of grin that is normally
accompanied by small riverside birds wandering in and out, picking scraps
out of the teeth.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Lure of the Wyrm"
Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction
listen to weather forecasts and economists?
		-- Kelvin Throop III
Q:	What's the difference betweeen USL and the Graf Zeppelin?
A:	The Graf Zeppelin represented cutting edge technology for its time.
It is so very hard to be an 
on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you
grown-up.
	Joe sat as his dying wife's bedside.
	Her voice was little more than a whisper.
	"Joe, darling," she breathed, "I've got a confession to make
before I go.  I ... I'm the one who took the $10,000 from your safe...
I spent it on a fling with your best friend, Charles.  And it was I who
forced your mistress to leave the city.  And I am the one who reported 
your income-tax evasion to the I.R.S..."
	"That's all right, dearest, don't give it a second thought,"
whispered Joe. "I'm the one who poisoned you."
Do Miami a favor.  When you leave, take someone with you.
Forgive and forget.
		-- Cervantes
Practice yourself what you preach.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus
"Sometimes insanity is the only alternative"
-- button at a Science Fiction convention.
Was my SOY LOAF left out in th'RAIN?  It tastes REAL GOOD!!
Behold the warranty -- the bold print giveth and the fine print taketh away.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Absolute:  Independent, irresponsible.  An absolute monarchy is one in which
the sovereign does as he pleases so long as he pleases the assassins.  Not
many absolute monarchies are left, most of them having been replaced by
limited monarchies, where the soverign's power for evil (and for good) is
greatly curtailed, and by republics, which are governed by chance.
-- Ambrose Bierce
He who knows others is wise.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
		-- Lao Tsu
Mr. Rockford?  You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you.  Could
you call me at...  My name is... uh...  Never mind, forget it!
		-- "The Rockford Files"
What you see is from outside yourself, and may come, or not, but is beyond
your control.  But your fear is yours, and yours alone, like your voice, or
your fingers, or your memory, and therefore yours to control.  If you feel
powerless over your fear, you have not yet admitted that it is yours, to do
with as you will.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "Stormqueen"
The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
		-- Scotty
"Deep" is a word like "theory" or "semantic" -- it implies all sorts of
marvelous things.  It's one thing to be able to say "I've got a theory",
quite another to say "I've got a semantic theory", but, ah, those who can
claim "I've got a deep semantic theory", they are truly blessed.
		-- Randy Davis
If you think things can't get worse it's probably only because you
lack sufficient imagination.
You speak of courage.  Obviously you do not know the difference between
courage and foolhardiness.  Always it is the brave ones who die, the soldiers.
		-- Kor, the Klingon Commander, "Errand of Mercy",
		   stardate 3201.7
If you analyse anything, you destroy it.
		-- Arthur Miller
Fortune's current rates:

	Answers				.10
	Long answers			.25
	Answers requiring thought	.50
	Correct answers			$1.00

	Dumb looks are still free.
	"You know, it's at times like this when I'm trapped in a Vogon
airlock with a man from Betelgeuse and about to die of asphyxiation in
deep space that I really wish I'd listened to what my mother told me
when I was young!"
	"Why, what did she tell you?"
	"I don't know, I didn't listen."
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Th' MIND is the Pizza Palace of th' SOUL
The world wants to be deceived.
		-- Sebastian Brant
All the taxes paid over a lifetime by the average American are spent by
the government in less than a second.
		-- Jim Fiebig
"When it comes to humility, I'm the greatest."
-- Bullwinkle Moose

San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
		-- Herb Caen
Where there's a will, there's a relative.
Economists are still trying to figure out why the girls with the least
principle draw the most interest.
Hi there!  This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person
reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes,
nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.
Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurence of the
improbable.
- H. L. Mencken
I gave up Smoking, Drinking and Sex.  It was the most *__________horrifying* 20
minutes of my life!
Evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around
the sun.  At one time this was called the Copernican theory; but, when
evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person can
doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact.  That all present
life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic time, is
as firmly established as Copernican cosmology.  Biologists differ only with
respect to theories about how the process operates.
		-- Martin Gardner, "Irving Kristol and the Facts of Life". 
Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.
This restaurant was advertising breakfast any time. So I ordered
french toast in the renaissance.
- Steven Wright, comedian
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
		-- Theophrastus
A priest advised Voltaire on his death bed to renounce the devil. 
Replied Voltaire, "This is no time to make new enemies."
Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.
A man of genius makes no mistakes.
His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"
The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
		-- Maurice Chapelain, "Main courante"
It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Burnt Sienna.  That's the best thing that ever happened to Crayolas.
		-- Ken Weaver
Perfection is reached, not when there is no longer anything to add, but
when there is no longer anything to take away.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
You!  What PLANET is this!
		-- McCoy, "The City on the Edge of Forever", stardate 3134.0
Cold hands, no gloves.
/*
 * [...] Note that 120 sec is defined in the protocol as the maximum
 * possible RTT.  I guess we'll have to use something other than TCP
 * to talk to the University of Mars.
 * PAWS allows us longer timeouts and large windows, so once implemented
 * ftp to mars will work nicely.
 */
(from /usr/src/linux/net/inet/tcp.c, concerning RTT [retransmission timeout])
Genetics explains why you look like your father, and if you don't, why
you should.
Nothing is more admirable than the fortitude with which millionaires
tolerate the disadvantages of their wealth.
		-- Nero Wolfe
If I cannot bend Heaven, I shall move Hell.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
No line available at 300 baud.
i'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be
living apart.
		-- e. e. cummings
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last
you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his
Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
		-- Mark Twain "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court"
Yow!  Is my fallout shelter termite proof?
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #3

MIRACLE ON 42ND STREET:
	Santa Claus, in the off season, follows his heart's desire and
	tries to make it big on Broadway.  Santa sings and dances his way
	into your heart.
Do not drink coffee in early A.M.  It will keep you awake until noon.
My father was a saint, I'm not.
		-- Indira Gandhi
I asked the engineer who designed the communication terminal's keyboards
why these were not manufactured in a central facility, in view of the
small number needed [1 per month] in his factory.  He explained that this
would be contrary to the political concept of local self-sufficiency.
Therefore, each factory needing keyboards, no matter how few, manufactures
them completely, even molding the keypads.
		-- Isaac Auerbach, IEEE "Computer", Nov. 1979
Come quickly, I am tasting stars!
		-- Dom Perignon, upon discovering champagne.
In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and
struggled and had lots of children.  There was a Frenchman who talked funny
and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the
crunch he was all courage.  Those novels would make you retch.
		-- Canadian novelist Robertson Davies, on the generic Canadian
		   novel.
===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

A new system, the CIRCULATORY system, has been added.

The long-experimental CIRCULATORY system has been released to users.  The
Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid.  When the 
switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O.
Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the
back of VMI monitors.  Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging
performance.
"I once witnessed a long-winded, month-long flamewar over the use of
mice vs. trackballs...It was very silly."
(By Matt Welsh)
Machine-Independent, adj.:
	Does not run on any existing machine.
The best definition of a gentleman is a man who can play the accordion --
but doesn't.
		-- Tom Crichton
Remember -- only 10% of anything can be in the top 10%.
Two hundred years ago today, Irma Chine of White Plains, New York, was 
performing her normal housekeeping routines.  She was interrupted by 
British soldiers who, rallying to the call of their supervisor, General
Hughes, sought to gain control of the voter registration lists kept in
her home.  Masking her fear and thinking fast, Mrs. Chine quickly divided
a nearby apple in two and deftly stored the list in its center.  Upon
entering, the British blatantly violated every conceivable convention,
and, though they went through the house virtually bit by bit, their
search was fruitless.  They had to return empty handed.  Word of the
incident propagated rapidly through the region.  This historic event
became the first documented use of core storage for the saving of registers.
enhance, v.:
	To tamper with an image, usually to its detriment.
A bachelor is a man who never made the same mistake once.
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
So you think that money is the root of all evil.  Have you ever asked what
is the root of money?
		-- Ayn Rand
Finality is death.
Perfection is finality.
Nothing is perfect.
There are lumps in it.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single 
man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
If you stick your head in the sand, one thing is for sure, you're gonna
get your rear kicked.
Proboscis:  The rudimentary organ of an elephant which serves him in place
of the knife-and-fork that Evolution has as yet denied him.  For purposes
of humor it is popularly called a trunk.
-- Ambrose Bierce
... But if we laugh with derision, we will never understand.  Human
intellectual capacity has not altered for thousands of years so far as
we can tell.  If intelligent people invested intense energy in issues
that now seem foolish to us, then the failure lies in our understanding
of their world, not in their distorted perceptions.  Even the standard
example of ancient nonsense -- the debate about angels on pinheads --
makes sense once you realize that theologians were not discussing
whether five or eighteen would fit, but whether a pin could house a
finite or an infinite number.
		-- S. J. Gould, "Wide Hats and Narrow Minds"
What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
		-- Nietzsche
Avec!
"See - the thing is - I'm an absolutist.  I mean, kind of ... in a way ..."
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their
correctness never does.
Do not believe in miracles -- rely on them.
I worked in a health food store once.  A guy came in and asked me,
"If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?"
		-- Steven Wright
How sharper than a serpent's tooth is a sister's "See?"
		-- Linus Van Pelt
I have a switch in my apartment that doesn't do anything.  Every once
in a while I turn it on and off.  On and off.  On and off.  One day I
got a call from a woman in France who said "Cut it out!"
		-- Steven Wright
Every person, all the events in your life are there because you have
drawn them there.  What you choose to do with them is up to you.
		-- Messiah's Handbook : Reminders for the Advanced Soul
There are many intelligent species in the universe, and they all own cats.
To the landlord belongs the doorknobs.
Kill Ugly Radio
- Frank Zappa
Visit beautiful Vergas, Minnesota.
Entropy requires no maintenance.
		-- Markoff Chaney
The best laid plans of mice and men are held up in the legal department.
Anthony's Law of Force:
	Don't force it; get a larger hammer.
So we follow our wandering paths, and the very darkness acts as our guide and
our doubts serve to reassure us.
- Jean-Pierre de Caussade, eighteenth-century Jesuit priest
Sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark.
		-- Heard on Noahs' ark
Removing the straw that broke the camel's back does not necessarily
allow the camel to walk again.
"You must learn to run your kayak by a sort of ju-jitsu.  You must learn to
 tell what the river will do to you, and given those parameters see how you
 can live with it.  You must absorb its force and convert it to your users
 as best you can.  Even with the quickness and agility of a kayak, you are
 not faster than the river, nor stronger, and you can beat it only by
 understanding it."
-- Strung, Curtis and Perry, _Whitewater_
Has anyone realized that the purpose of the fortune cookie program is to
defuse project tensions?  When did you ever see a cheerful cookie, a
non-cynical, or even an informative cookie?
	Perhaps inadvertently, we have a channel for our aggressions.  This
still begs the question of whether the cookie releases the pressure or only
serves to blunt the warning signs.

	Long live the revolution!
	Have a nice day.
May you have many beautiful and obedient daughters.
"Obviously, a major malfunction has occurred."
		-- Steve Nesbitt, voice of Mission Control, January 28,
		   1986, as the shuttle Challenger exploded within view
		   of the grandstands.
"The fundamental purpose animating the Faith of God and His Religion is to
safeguard the interests and promote the unity of the human race, and to foster
the spirit of love and fellowship amongst men. Suffer it not to become a source
of dissension and discord, of hate and enmity."

"Religion is verily the chief instrument for the establishment of order in the
 world and of tranquillity amongst it's peoples...The greater the decline of
 religion, the more grievous the waywardness of the ungodly. This cannot but
 lead in the end to chaos and confusion."
-- Baha'u'llah, a selection from the Baha'i scripture
She asked me, "What's your sign?"
I blinked and answered "Neon,"
I thought I'd blow her mind...
He draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his
argument.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Old Grandad is dead but his spirits live on.
Woman was God's second mistake.
		-- Nietzsche
Demographic polls show that you have lost credibility across the board.
Especially with those 14 year-old Valley girls.
Metermaids eat their young.
The devil finds work for idle glands.
T-shirt Of The Day:
	I'm the person your mother warned you about.
There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
		-- Ralph Nader
Suaviter in modo, fortiter in re.
Se non e vero, e ben trovato.
Mediocrity finds safety in standardization.
		-- Frederick Crane
The number of arguments is unimportant unless some of them are correct.
		-- Ralph Hartley
If only you knew she loved you, you could face the uncertainty of
whether you love her.
What you see is from outside yourself, and may come, or not, but is beyond
your control.  But your fear is yours, and yours alone, like your voice, or
your fingers, or your memory, and therefore yours to control.  If you feel
powerless over your fear, you have not yet admitted that it is yours, to do
with as you will.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "Stormqueen"
There's always free cheese in a mousetrap.
Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain?
Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes,
A root or two, a torus and a node:
The inverse of my verse, a null domain.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
"If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely."
I'm going to Boston to see my doctor.  He's a very sick man.
		-- Fred Allen
Someone is speaking well of you.

How unusual!
Congratulations are in order for Tom Reid.

He says he just found out he is the winner of the 2021 Psychic of the
Year award.
Pardon me, but do you know what it means to be TRULY ONE with your BOOTH!
Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school
make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
		-- Hawkwind
Three great scientific theories of the structure of the universe are the
molecular, the corpuscular and the atomic.  A fourth affirms, with
Haeckel, the condensation or precipitation of matter from ether -- whose
existence is proved by the condensation or precipitation ... A fifth
theory is held by idiots, but it is doubtful if they know any more about
the matter than the others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
As failures go, attempting to recall the past is like trying to grasp
the meaning of existence.  Both make one feel like a baby clutching at
a basketball: one's palms keep sliding off.
		-- Joseph Brodsky
SANTA CLAUS comes down a FIRE ESCAPE wearing bright blue LEG WARMERS
... He scrubs the POPE with a mild soap or detergent for 15 minutes,
starring JANE FONDA!!
Badges?  We don't need no stinking badges.
Hoping to goodness is not theologically sound. - Peanuts
The gentlemen looked one another over with microscopic carelessness.
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #18:

Q:  Are you married?
A:  No, I'm divorced.
Q:  And what did your husband do before you divorced him?
A:  A lot of things I didn't know about.
Facts are the enemy of truth.
		-- Don Quixote
TeX is potentially the most significant invention in typesetting in this
century.  It introduces a standard language for computer typography, and in
terms of importance could rank near the introduction of the Gutenberg press.
		-- Gordon Bell
C++ is the best example of second-system effect since OS/360.
I place economy among the first and most important virtues, and public debt as
the greatest of dangers to be feared.  To preserve our independence, we must
not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt.  If we run into such debts, we
must be taxed in our meat and drink, in our necessities and in our comforts,
in our labor and in our amusements.  If we can prevent the government from
wasting the labor of the people, under the pretense of caring for them, they
will be happy.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
"Plaese porrf raed."
		-- Prof. Michael O'Longhlin, S.U.N.Y. Purchase
Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.
Under any conditions, anywhere, whatever you are doing, there is some
ordinance under which you can be booked.
		-- Robert D. Sprecht, Rand Corp.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
		-- Yogi Berra
Why isn't there some cheap and easy way to prove how much she means to me?
Hi Jimbo.  Dennis.  Really appreciate the help on the income tax.  You wanna
help on the audit now?
		-- "The Rockford Files"
That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.
"Any medium powerful enough to extend man's reach is powerful enough to topple
his world.  To get the medium's magic to work for one's aims rather than
against them is to attain literacy."
-- Alan Kay, "Computer Software", Scientific American, September 1984
I'd just as soon kiss a Wookie.
		-- Princess Leia Organa
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?  It is because we
are not the person involved.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.  And
vice versa.
Warning: Listening to WXRT on April Fools' Day is not recommended for
those who are slightly disoriented the first few hours after waking up.
		-- Chicago Reader 4/22/83
Wear me as a seal upon your heart, as a seal upon your arm; for love is strong
as death, passion cruel as the grave; it blazes up like blazing fire, fiercer
than any flame.
[Song of Solomon 8:6 (NEB)]
We place two copies of PEOPLE magazine in a DARK, HUMID mobile home.
45 minutes later CYNDI LAUPER emerges wearing a BIRD CAGE on her head!
There is no statute of limitations on stupidity.
I'm sitting on my SPEED QUEEN ... To me, it's ENJOYABLE ... I'm WARM
... I'm VIBRATORY ...
Finagle's First Law:
	To study a subject best, understand it thoroughly before you start.

Finagle's Second Law:
	Always keep a record of data -- it indicates you've been working.

Finagle's Fourth Law:
	Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only makes
	it worse.

Finagle's Fifth Law:
	Always draw your curves, then plot your readings.

Finagle's Sixth Law:
	Don't believe in miracles -- rely on them.
Mathematics, rightly viewed, possesses not only truth but supreme beauty --
a beauty cold and austere, like that of a sculpture, without appeal to any
part of our weaker nature, without the gorgeous trapping of painting or music,
yet sublimely pure, and capable of a stern perfection such as only the
greatest art can show.  The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense
of being more than man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is
to be found in mathematics as surely as in poetry.
		-- Bertrand Russell
			HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 1

proof by example:
	The author gives only the case n = 2 and suggests that it 
	contains most of the ideas of the general proof.

proof by intimidation:
	'Trivial'.

proof by vigorous handwaving:
	Works well in a classroom or seminar setting.
Iowa State -- the high school after high school!
		-- Crow T. Robot
Politics:  A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.
-- Ambrose Bierce
No discipline is ever requisite to force attendance upon lectures which are
really worth the attending.
		-- Adam Smith, "The Wealth of Nations"
How often I found where I should be going only by setting out for somewhere
else.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller
Many of the convicted thieves Parker has met began their
life of crime after taking college Computer Science courses.
		-- Roger Rapoport, "Programs for Plunder", Omni, March 1981
Once ... in the wilds of Afghanistan, I lost my corkscrew, and we were
forced to live on nothing but food and water for days.
		-- W. C. Fields, "My Little Chickadee"
	They are fools that think that wealth or women or strong drink or even
drugs can buy the most in effort out of the soul of a man.  These things offer
pale pleasures compared to that which is greatest of them all, that task which
demands from him more than his utmost strength, that absorbs him, bone and
sinew and brain and hope and fear and dreams -- and still calls for more.
	They are fools that think otherwise.  No great effort was ever bought.
No painting, no music, no poem, no cathedral in stone, no church, no state was
ever raised into being for payment of any kind.  No parthenon, no Thermopylae
was ever built or fought for pay or glory; no Bukhara sacked, or China ground
beneath Mongol heel, for loot or power alone.  The payment for doing these
things was itself the doing of them.
	To wield onself -- to use oneself as a tool in one's own hand -- and
so to make or break that which no one else can build or ruin -- THAT is the
greatest pleasure known to man!  To one who has felt the chisel in his hand
and set free the angel prisoned in the marble block, or to one who has felt
sword in hand and set homeless the soul that a moment before lived in the body
of his mortal enemy -- to those both come alike the taste of that rare food
spread only for demons or for gods."
		-- Gordon R. Dickson, "Soldier Ask Not"
	A disciple of another sect once came to Drescher as he was eating
his morning meal.  "I would like to give you this personality test", said
the outsider, "because I want you to be happy."
	Drescher took the paper that was offered him and put it into the
toaster -- "I wish the toaster to be happy too".
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
		-- Gloria Steinem
Dirksen's Three Laws of Politics:
	(1) Get elected.
	(2) Get re-elected.
	(3) Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Sen. Everett Dirksen
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until
drops of blood form on your forehead.
		-- Gene Fowler
I'd rather just believe that it's done by little elves running around.
The best cure for insomnia is to get a  lot of sleep.
		-- W. C. Fields
It's a lot of fun being alive ... I wonder if my bed is made?!?
I don't make the rules, Gil, I only play the game.
		-- Cash McCall
You can drive a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead.
critic, n.:
	A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
	to please him.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a neccessity.
		-- Oscar Wilde
I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
		-- William F. Buckley
So as your consumer electronics adviser, I am advising you to donate your
current VCR to a grate resident, who will laugh sardonically and hurl it
into a dumpster.  Then I want you to go out and purchase a vast array of
8-millimeter video equipment.

... OK!  Got everything?  Well, *too bad, sucker*, because while you were
gone the electronics industry came up with an even newer format that makes
your 8-millimeter VCR look as technologically advanced as toenail dirt.
This format is called "3.5 hectare" and it will not be made available until
it is outmoded, sometime early next week, by a format called "Elroy", so
*order yours now*.
		-- Dave Barry, "No Surrender in the Electronics Revolution"
Time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so.
		-- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
"Dump the condiments.  If we are to be eaten, we don't need to taste good."
-- "Visionaries" cartoon
A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then
asks you not to kill him.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1952
"Of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst."
- Thomas Paine
Security check: INTRUDER ALERT!
Death has been proven to be 99% fatal in laboratory rats.
As he had feared, his orders had been forgotten and everyone had brought
the potato salad.
Flying saucers on occasion
	Show themselves to human eyes.
Aliens fume, put off invasion
	While they brand these tales as lies.
Kleeneness is next to Godelness.
To be a kind of moral Unix, he touched the hem of Nature's shift.
		-- Shelley
She always believed in the old adage -- leave them while you're looking good.
		-- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"
A log may float in a river, but that does not make it a crocodile.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.
"You must have an IQ of at least half a million."  -- Popeye
I try not to break the rules but merely to test their elasticity.
		-- Bill Veeck
Look at it this way: Your wife's spending $280 a month on meditation lessons to
forget $26,000 of college education. And you're still drinking ordinary scotch?
Yow!  Did something bad happen or am I in a drive-in movie??
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
When you and I are far apart
Can sorrow break your tender heart?
I love you darling, yes I do;
Sleep is so sweet when I dream of you;
All you are is a blossoming rose.
Night is here so I must close.
With care read the first word of each line.
You will find a question of mine.
		-- Yours hopefully, The VAX.
Ernest asks Frank how long he has been working for the company.
	"Ever since they threatened to fire me."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in `Y.'"
Zippy's brain cells are straining to bridge synapses ...
I respect the institution of marriage.  I have always thought that every
woman should marry -- and no man.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Lothair"
Now KEN and BARBIE are PERMANENTLY ADDICTED to MIND-ALTERING DRUGS ...
"We're not talking about the same thing," he said. "For you the world is
weird because if you're not bored with it you're at odds with it. For me
the world is weird because it is stupendous, awesome, mysterious,
unfathomable; my interest has been to convince you that you must accept
responsibility for being here, in this marvelous world, in this marvelous
desert, in this marvelous time.  I wanted to convince you that you must
learn to make every act count, since you are going to be here for only a
short while, in fact, too short for witnessing all the marvels of it."
		-- Don Juan
QOTD:
	"You want me to put *holes* in my ears and hang things from them?
	How...  tribal."
Never drink from your finger bowl -- it contains only water.
: is not an identifier
For a young man, not yet: for an old man, never at all.
		-- Diogenes, asked when a man should marry

When should a man marry?  A young man, not yet; an elder man, not at all.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon, "Of Marriage and Single Life"
I wonder if I ought to tell them about my PREVIOUS LIFE as a COMPLETE
STRANGER?
If you aren't rich you should always look useful.
		-- Louis-Ferdinand Celine
The rain it raineth on the just
	And also on the unjust fella,
But chiefly on the just, because
	The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
		-- Lord Bowen
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
A penny saved is a penny to squander.
-- Ambrose Bierce
Luck can't last a lifetime, unless you die young.
		-- Russell Banks
Advice is a dangerous gift; be cautious about giving and receiving it.
Ginsburg's Law:
	At the precise moment you take off your shoe in a shoe store, your
	big toe will pop out of your sock to see what's going on.
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
- Voltaire
FORTRAN is a good example of a language which is easier to parse
using ad hoc techniques.
		-- D. Gries
		[What's good about it?  Ed.]
Men aren't attracted to me by my mind.  They're attracted by what I
don't mind...
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee
"The preeminence of a learned man over a worshiper is equal to the preeminence
of the moon, at the night of the full moon, over all the stars.  Verily, the
learned men are the heirs of the Prophets."
-- A tradition attributed to Muhammad
"We learn from history that we learn nothing from history."
-- George Bernard Shaw
There never was a good war or a bad peace.
		-- B. Franklin
"Apathy is not the problem, it's the solution"
The three best things about going to school are June, July, and August.
I do not remember ever having seen a sustained argument by an author which,
starting from philosophical premises likely to meet with general acceptance,
reached the conclusion that a praiseworthy ordering of one's life is to
devote it to research in mathematics.
		-- Sir Edmund Whittaker, "Scientific American", Vol. 183
Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look
like a nail.
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.
Tout choses sont dites deja, mais comme personne n'ecoute, il faut
toujours recommencer.
		-- A. Gide
Good night, Austin, Texas, wherever you are!
Well, anyway, I was reading this James Bond book, and right away I realized
that like most books, it had too many words.  The plot was the same one that
all James Bond books have: An evil person tries to blow up the world, but
James Bond kills him and his henchmen and makes love to several attractive
women.  There, that's it: 24 words.  But the guy who wrote the book took
*thousands* of words to say it.
	Or consider "The Brothers Karamazov", by the famous Russian alcoholic
Fyodor Dostoyevsky.  It's about these two brothers who kill their father.
Or maybe only one of them kills the father.  It's impossible to tell because
what they mostly do is talk for nearly a thousand pages.  If all Russians talk
as much as the Karamazovs did, I don't see how they found time to become a
major world power.
	I'm told that Dostoyevsky wrote "The Brothers Karamazov" to raise
the question of whether there is a God.  So why didn't he just come right
out and say: "Is there a God? It sure beats the heck out of me."
	Other famous works could easily have been summarized in a few words:

* "Moby Dick" -- Don't mess around with large whales because they symbolize
  nature and will kill you.
* "A Tale of Two Cities" -- French people are crazy.
		-- Dave Barry
-- I have seen the FUN --
If all the seas were ink,
And all the reeds were pens,
And all the skies were parchment,
And all the men could write,
These would not suffice
To write down all the red tape
Of this Government. 
"Maybe we can get together and show off to each other sometimes."
Does a good farmer neglect a crop he has planted?
Does a good teacher overlook even the most humble student?
Does a good father allow a single child to starve?
Does a good programmer refuse to maintain his code?
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three
parts dead.
		-- Bertrand Russell
I:
	The best way to make a silk purse from a sow's ear is to begin
	with a silk sow.  The same is true of money.
II:
	If today were half as good as tomorrow is supposed to be, it would
	probably be twice as good as yesterday was.
III:
	There are no lazy veteran lion hunters.
IV:
	If you can afford to advertise, you don't need to.
V:
	One-tenth of the participants produce over one-third of the output.
	Increasing the number of participants merely reduces the average
	output.
		-- Norman Augustine
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #37:

Q:  Did he pick the dog up by the ears?
A:  No.
Q:  What was he doing with the dog's ears?
A:  Picking them up in the air.
Q:  Where was the dog at this time?
A:  Attached to the ears.
I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.
		-- Steven Wright
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what
the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be
replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.  There is another
theory which states that this has already happened.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Hey, waiter!  I want a NEW SHIRT and a PONY TAIL with lemon sauce!
Do not think by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
Do not underestimate the power of the Force.
"If John Madden steps outside on February 2, looks down, and doesn't see his 
feet, we'll have 6 more weeks of Pro football."
-- Chuck Newcombe
"It is the creationists who blasphemously are claiming that God is cheating
 us in a stupid way."
-- J. W. Nienhuys
I dread success.  To have succeeded is to have finished one's business on
earth, like the male spider, who is killed by the female the moment he has
succeeded in his courtship.  I like a state of continual becoming, with a
goal in front and not behind.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
The spirit of Plato dies hard.  We have been unable to escape the philosophical
tradition that what we can see and measure in the world is merely the
superficial and imperfect representation of an underlying reality.
		-- S.J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"
If I'd known computer science was going to be like this, I'd never have
given up being a rock 'n' roll star.
		-- G. Hirst
Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven;
confess them to man and you will be laughed at.
		-- Josh Billings
drug, n:
	A substance that, injected into a rat, produces a scientific paper.
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use
in reading it at all.
		-- Oscar Wilde
(German philosopher) Georg Wilhelm Hegel, on his deathbed, complained,
"Only one man ever understood me."  He fell silent for a while and then added,
"And he didn't understand me."
"I love Saturday morning cartoons, what classic humour!  This is what
entertainment is all about ... Idiots, explosives and falling anvils."
		-- Calvin and Hobbes, Bill Watterson
"The urge to destroy is also a creative urge."
-- Bakunin
[ed. note - I would say: The urge to destroy may sometimes be a creative urge.]
This is for all ill-treated fellows
	Unborn and unbegot,
For them to read when they're in trouble
	And I am not.
		-- A. E. Housman
Women waste men's lives and think they have indemnified them by a few
gracious words.
		-- Honor'e de Balzac
Ryan's Law:
	Make three correct guesses consecutively
	and you will establish yourself as an expert.
Too often I find that the volume of paper expands to fill the available
briefcases.
		-- Governor Jerry Brown
"The pathology is to want control, not that you ever get it, because of
course you never do."
-- Gregory Bateson
There cannot be a crisis next week.  My schedule is already full.
		-- Henry Kissinger
I'm not offering myself as an example; every life evolves by its own laws.
If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
		-- John Galsworthy
Delores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever
skipping along smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious
to it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, and due to an
overdose of flouride as a child which caused her to suffer from chronic
apathy, doomed herself to lie forever on the floor of her life as useless
as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred pound barbell in a
steroid-free fitness center.
		-- Winning sentence, 1990 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
"I have just one word for you, my boy...plastics."
- from "The Graduate"
If you sell diamonds, you cannot expect to have many customers.
But a diamond is a diamond even if there are no customers.
		-- Swami Prabhupada
	"You are *so* lovely."
	"Yes."
	"Yes!  And you take a compliment, too!  I like that in a goddess."
'Tis more blessed to give than receive; for example, wedding presents.
		-- H.L. Mencken
If it has syntax, it isn't user friendly.
I'd like MY data-base JULIENNED and stir-fried!
"Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception."
-- The mayor of Tucson, Arizona, 1989
[apparently, good TV reception is a basic necessity -- at least in Tucson  -kl]
Neil Armstrong tripped.
Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
		-- Thomas J. Kopp
Death rays don't kill people, people kill people!!
If an S and an I and an O and a U
With an X at the end spell Su;
And an E and a Y and an E spell I,
Pray what is a speller to do?
Then, if also an S and an I and a G
And an HED spell side,
There's nothing much left for a speller to do
But to go commit siouxeyesighed.
		-- Charles Follen Adams, "An Orthographic Lament"
Psychologists think they're experimental psychologists.
Experimental psychologists think they're biologists.
Biologists think they're biochemists.
Biochemists think they're chemists.
Chemists think they're physical chemists.
Physical chemists think they're physicists.
Physicists think they're theoretical physicists.
Theoretical physicists think they're mathematicians.
Mathematicians think they're metamathematicians.
Metamathematicians think they're philosophers.
Philosophers think they're gods.
Software entities are more complex for their size than perhaps any other human
construct because no two parts are alike.  If they are, we make the two
similar parts into a subroutine -- open or closed.  In this respect, software
systems differ profoundly from computers, buildings, or automobiles, where
repeated elements abound.
- Fred Brooks, Jr.
They [preachers] dread the advance of science as witches do the approach
of daylight and scowl on the fatal harbinger announcing the subversions
of the duperies on which they live.
- Thomas Jefferson
If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.
In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed
I didn't do it! Nobody saw me do it! Can't prove anything!
                -- Bart Simpson
You have mail.
Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
		-- Chinese proverb
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
A real friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away.
A real friend is someone you can use over and over again.
It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program.
What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing
thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
		-- Alan Perlis
Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.
Love is sentimental measles.
Liberty don't work as good in practice as it does in speeches.
	-- The Best of Will Rogers
Tempt me with a spoon!
A friend of mine won't get a divorce, because he hates lawyers more than he
hates his wife.
	Most of what I really need to know about how to live, and what to do,
and how to be, I learned in kindergarten.  Wisdom was not at the top of the
graduate school mountain but there in the sandbox at nursery school.
	These are the things I learned:  Share everything.  Play fair.  Don't
hit people.  Put things back where you found them.  Clean up your own mess.
Don't take things that aren't yours.   Say you're sorry when you hurt someone.
Wash your hands before you eat.  Flush.  Warm cookies and cold milk are good
for you.  Live a balanced life.  Learn some and think some and draw and paint
and sing and dance and play and work some every day.
	Take a nap every afternoon.  When you go out into the world, watch for
traffic, hold hands, and stick together.  Be aware of wonder.  Remember the
little seed in the plastic cup.   The roots go down and the plant goes up and
nobody really knows how or why, but we are all like that.  Goldfish and
hamsters and white mice and even the little seed in the plastic cup -- they all
die.  So do we.
	And then remember the book about Dick and Jane and the first word you
learned, the biggest word of all: LOOK.  Everything you need to know is in
there somewhere.  The Golden Rule and love and basic sanitation.  Ecology and
politics and sane living.
	Think of what a better world it would be if we all -- the whole world
-- had cookies and milk about 3 o'clock every afternoon and then lay down with
our blankets for a nap.  Or if we had a basic policy in our nation and other
nations to always put things back where we found them and cleaned up our own
messes.  And it is still true, no matter how old you are, when you go out into
the world it is best to hold hands and stick together.
		-- Robert Fulghum, "All I ever really needed to know I learned
		   in kindergarten"
	The big problem with pornography is defining it.  You can't just
say it's pictures of people naked.  For example, you have these
primitive African tribes that exist by chasing the wildebeest on foot,
and they have to go around largely naked, because, as the old tribal
saying goes: "N'wam k'honi soit qui mali," which means, "If you think
you can catch a wildebeest in this climate and wear clothes at the same
time, then I have some beach front property in the desert region of
Northern Mali that you may be interested in."
	So it's not considered pornographic when National Geographic
publishes color photographs of these people hunting the wildebeest
naked, or pounding one rock onto another rock for some primitive reason
naked, or whatever.  But if National Geographic were to publish an
article entitled "The Girls of the California Junior College System
Hunt the Wildebeest Naked," some people would call it pornography.  But
others would not.  And still others, such as the Spectacularly Rev.
Jerry Falwell, would get upset about seeing the wildebeest naked.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"
((lambda (foo) (bar foo)) (baz))
Death.  Destruction.  Disease.  Horror.  That's what war is all about.
That's what makes it a thing to be avoided.
		-- Kirk, "A Taste of Armageddon", stardate 3193.0
A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.
Save the whales.  Collect the whole set.
Lady Luck brings added income today.  Lady friend takes it away tonight.
It is often the case that the man who can't tell a lie thinks he is the best
judge of one.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Farmers in the Iowa State survey rated machinery breakdowns more
stressful than divorce.
		-- Wall Street Journal
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #32:

Q:  Do you know how far pregnant you are right now?
A:  I will be three months November 8th.
Q:  Apparently then, the date of conception was August 8th?
A:  Yes.
Q:  What were you and your husband doing at that time?
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my
life there.
MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
		-- Henry Spencer
There is brutality and there is honesty.  There is no such thing as brutal
honesty.
Lazlo's Chinese Relativity Axiom:
	No matter how great your triumphs or how tragic your defeats --
	approximately one billion Chinese couldn't care less.
Stuckness shouldn't be avoided.  It's the psychic predecessor of all
real understanding.  An egoless acceptance of stuckness is a key to an
understanding of all Quality, in mechanical work as in other endeavors.
		-- R. Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"
The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.
		-- A. Camus
If you talk to God, you are praying; if God talks to you, you have
schizophrenia.
		-- Thomas Szasz
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
		-- Publilius Syrus
No use getting too involved in life -- you're only here for a limited time.
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that carries any
reward.
		-- John Maynard Keynes
The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.
Distance doesn't make you any smaller, but it does make you part of a
larger picture.
Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
		-- E.M. Forster
One good suit is worth a thousand resumes.
Question: Is it better to abide by the rules until they're changed or
help speed the change by breaking them?
The difference between art and science is that science is what we
understand well enough to explain to a computer.  Art is everything else.
		-- Donald Knuth, "Discover"
Take your Senator to lunch this week.
A man always needs to remember one thing about a beautiful woman.

Somewhere, somebody's tired of her.
Men say of women what pleases them; women do with men what pleases them.
		-- DeSegur
Question authority.
Schmidt's Observation:
	All things being equal, a fat person uses more soap
	than a thin person.
It's just a jump to the left
	And then a step to the right.
Put your hands on your hips
	And pull your knees in tight.
It's the pelvic thrust
	That really gets you insa-a-a-a-ane

	LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!
		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show
The good die young -- because they see it's no use living if you've got
to be good.
		-- John Barrymore
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
		-- Lily Tomlin
Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
		-- Scottish Proverb
	A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master,
Knuth.  When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found.  "Where is the
wise one named Knuth?" he asked a passing student.
	"Ah," said the student, "you have not heard. He has gone on a
pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new
disciples."
	Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people.  The good ones slept
better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.
		-- Woody Allen, "Side Effects"
"Been through Hell?  Whaddya bring back for me?"
-- A. Brilliant
Murder is always a mistake -- one should never do anything one cannot
talk about after dinner.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"
There is in certain living souls
A quality of loneliness unspeakable,
So great it must be shared
As company is shared by lesser beings.
Such a loneliness is mine; so know by this
That in immensity
There is one lonelier than you.
A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest
man a century.
The kind of danger people most enjoy is the kind they can watch from
a safe place.
War isn't a good life, but it's life.
		-- Kirk, "A Private Little War", stardate 4211.8
Men are those creatures with two legs and eight hands.
		-- Jayne Mansfield
Beggars should be no choosers.
		-- John Heywood
I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.
If you continually give you will continually have.
Most general statements are false, including this one.
		-- Alexander Dumas
The King and his advisor are overlooking the battle field:

King:		"How goes the battle plan?"
Advisor:	"See those little black specks running to the right?"
K:	"Yes."
A:	"Those are their guys. And all those little red specks running
	to the left are our guys. Then when they collide we wait till
	the dust clears."
K:	"And?"
A:	"If there are more red specks left than black specks, we win."
K:	"But what about the ^#!!$% battle plan?"
A:	"So far, it seems to be going according to specks."
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Perilous to all of us are the devices of an art deeper than we ourselves
possess.
		-- Gandalf the Grey [J.R.R. Tolkien, "Lord of the Rings"]
Some men are heterosexual, and some are bisexual, and some men don't think
about sex at all... they become lawyers.
		-- Woody Allen
The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the dead on the beach.
I *____knew* I had some reason for not logging you off... If I could just
remember what it was.
Never face facts; if you do you'll never get up in the morning.
		-- Marlo Thomas
Events are not affected, they develop.
		-- Sri Aurobindo
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
There is something in the pang of change
More than the heart can bear,
Unhappiness remembering happiness.
		-- Euripides
Sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark.
		-- Heard on Noahs' ark
Bus error -- driver executed.
The world is coming to an end--save your buffers!
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you give Congress a chance to vote on both sides of an issue, it
will always do it.
		-- Les Aspin, D., Wisconsin
You will have a long and boring life.
Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.
AmigaDOS Beer: The company has gone out of business, but their recipe has 
been picked up by some weird German company, so now this beer will be an 
import.  This beer never really sold very well because the original 
manufacturer didn't understand marketing. Like Unix Beer, AmigaDOS Beer 
fans are an extremely loyal and loud group. It originally came in a 
16-oz. can, but now comes in 32-oz.  cans too.  When this can was 
originally introduced, it appeared flashy and colorful, but the design 
hasn't changed much over the years, so it appears dated now.  Critics of 
this beer claim that it is only meant for watching TV anyway.
Can't open /usr/fortunes.  Lid stuck on cookie jar.
He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
		-- Andrew Lang
The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
		-- Sophocles
It's gonna be alright,
It's almost midnight,
And I've got two more bottles of wine.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less
than half of you half as well as you deserve.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
We the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, are doing the impossible.
We've done so much, for so long, with so little,
that we are now qualified to do something with nothing.
rain falls where clouds come
sun shines where clouds go
clouds just come and go
		-- Florian Gutzwiller
I will always love the false image I had of you.
...computer hardware progress is so fast.  No other technology since
civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price
gain in 30 years.
- Fred Brooks, Jr.
How comes it to pass, then, that we appear such cowards in reasoning,
and are so afraid to stand the test of ridicule?
		-- A. Cooper
There is a Massachusetts law requiring all dogs to have their hind legs
tied during the month of April.
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
Everyone wants results, but no one is willing to do what it takes to get them.
		-- Dirty Harry
New crypt.  See /usr/news/crypt.
Clones are people two.
Our country has plenty of good five-cent cigars, but the trouble is
they charge fifteen cents for them.
sillema sillema nika su
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
If the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances
are 50-50 it will.
The Hollywood tradition I like best is called "sucking up to the stars."
		-- Johnny Carson
A girl with a future avoids the man with a past.
		-- Evan Esar, "The Humor of Humor"
Life begins at the centerfold and expands outward.
		-- Miss November, 1966
Stenderup's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.
Do you know the one -- "All I ask is a tall ship, and a star to steer
her by ..."  You could feel the wind at your back, about you ...  the
sounds of the sea beneath you.  And even if you take away the wind and
the water, it's still the same.  The ship is yours ... you can feel her
... and the stars are still there.
		-- Kirk, "The Ultimate Computer", stardate 4729.4
I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats. I tell them the truth
and they never believe me.
		-- Camillo Di Cavour
Lord, what fools these mortals be!
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Midsummer-Night's Dream"
The eternal feminine draws us upward.
		-- Goethe
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
Vegetables are what food eats.
Fruit are vegetables that fool you by tasting good.
Fish are fast moving vegetables.
Mushrooms are what grows on vegetables when food's done with them.
		-- Meat Eater's Credo, according to Jim Williams
I thought YOU silenced the guard!
sugar daddy, n.:
	A man who can afford to raise cain.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #4
A:	Go west, young man, go west!
Q:	What do wabbits do when they get tiwed of wunning awound?
I know you believe you understand what you think this fortune says, but
I'm not sure you realize that what you are reading is not what it means.
"His eyes were cold.  As cold as the bitter winter snow that was falling
outside.  Yes, cold and therefore difficult to chew..."
And the crowd was stilled.  One elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence,
turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said.  Wide-eyed,
the Child raised his voice and said once again, "Why, the Emperor has no
clothes!  He is naked!"
		-- "The Emperor's New Clothes"
Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.
Love is like the measles; we all have to go through it.
		-- Jerome K. Jerome
As he had feared, his orders had been forgotten and everyone had brought
the potato salad.
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a
hole in his head.
Whistler's Law:
	You never know who is right, but you always know who is in charge.
"All language designers are arrogant.  Goes with the territory..."
(By Larry Wall)
statistics, n.:
	A system for expressing your political prejudices in convincing
	scientific guise.
Gunter's Airborne Discoveries:
	(1)  When you are served a meal aboard an aircraft,
	     the aircraft will encounter turbulence.
	(2)  The strength of the turbulence
	     is directly proportional to the temperature of your coffee.
I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race, 
in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals.    
		-- Thoreau
People think my friend George is weird because he wears sideburns...behind his 
ears.  I think he's weird because he wears false teeth...with braces on them.
-- Steven Wright
You know it's Monday when you wake up and it's Tuesday.
		-- Garfield
It is often the case that the man who can't tell a lie thinks he is the best
judge of one.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Who goeth a-borrowing goeth a-sorrowing.
		-- Thomas Tusser
October 12, the Discovery.

It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss
it.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
There are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the
other is to read Pope.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Gosh that takes me back... or is it forward?  That's the trouble with
time travel, you never can tell."
		-- Doctor Who, "Androids of Tara"
Bit off more than my mind could chew,
Shower or suicide, what do I do?
		-- Julie Brown, "Will I Make it Through the Eighties?"
"Well," Brahma said, "even after ten thousand explanations, a fool is no
wiser, but an intelligent man requires only two thousand five hundred."
		-- The Mahabharata.
"America is a stronger nation for the ACLU's uncompromising effort."
-- President John F. Kennedy
It's time to boot, do your boot ROMs know where your disk controllers are?
To err is human, to moo bovine.
Commoner's three laws of ecology:
	(1) No action is without side-effects.
	(2) Nothing ever goes away.
	(3) There is no free lunch.
Higher education helps your earning capacity.  Ask any college professor.
Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equpped with 18,000 vaccuum tubes and
weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vaccuum tubes
and perhaps weigh 1 1/2 tons.
		-- Popular Mechanics, March 1949
Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had to be
taught how ___not to.  So it is with the great programmers.
Women sometimes forgive a man who forces the opportunity, but never a man
who misses one.
		-- Charles De Talleyrand-Perigord
Well, some take delight in the carriages a-rolling,
And some take delight in the hurling and the bowling,
But I take delight in the juice of the barley,
And courting pretty fair maids in the morning bright and early.
I hate small towns because once you've seen the cannon in the park
there's nothing else to do.
		-- Lenny Bruce
A man gazing at the stars is proverbially at the mercy of the puddles
in the road.
		-- Alexander Smith
All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance.
Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
		-- M. Hirschfield
[From an announcement of a congress of the International Ontopsychology
Association, in Rome]:

The Ontopsychological school, availing itself of new research criteria and
of a new telematic epistemology, maintains that social modes do not spring
from dialectics of territory or of class, or of consumer goods, or of means
of power, but rather from dynamic latencies capillarized in millions of
individuals in system functions which, once they have reached the event
maturation, burst forth in catastrophic phenomenology engaging a suitable
stereotype protagonist or duty marionette (general, president, political
party, etc.) to consummate the act of social schizophrenia in mass genocide.
Fourteen years in the professor dodge has taught me that one can argue
ingeniously on behalf of any theory, applied to any piece of literature.
This is rarely harmful, because normally no-one reads such essays.
		-- Robert Parker, quoted in "Murder Ink",  ed. D. Wynn
"If there isn't a population problem, why is the government putting cancer in 
the cigarettes?"
-- the elder Steptoe, c. 1970
Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate.
Beggar to well-dressed businessman:
	"Could you spare $20.95 for a fifth of Chivas?"
War is peace.  Freedom is slavery.  Ketchup is a vegetable.
No user-servicable parts inside.  Refer to qualified service personnel.
A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.
I cannot draw a cart, nor eat dried oats; If it be man's work I will do it.
Life is like a tin of sardines.
We're, all of us, looking for the key.
		-- Beyond the Fringe
We can defeat gravity.  The problem is the paperwork involved.
Remember that as a teenager you are in the last stage of your life when
you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
"Would I turn on the gas if my pal Mugsy were in there?"
   "You might, rabbit, you might!"
-- Looney Tunes, Bugs and Thugs (1954, Friz Freleng)
Nusbaum's Rule:
	The more pretentious the corporate name, the smaller the
	organization.  (For instance, the Murphy Center for the
	Codification of Human and Organizational Law, contrasted
	to IBM, GM, and AT&T.)
Periphrasis is the putting of things in a round-about way.  "The cost may be
upwards of a figure rather below 10m#." is a periphrasis for The cost may be
nearly 10m#.  "In Paris there reigns a complete absence of really reliable
news" is a periphrasis for There is no reliable news in Paris.  "Rarely does
the 'Little Summer' linger until November, but at times its stay has been
prolonged until quite late in the year's penultimate month" contains a
periphrasis for November, and another for lingers.  "The answer is in the
negative" is a periphrasis for No.  "Was made the recipient of" is a
periphrasis for Was presented with.  The periphrasis style is hardly possible
on any considerable scale without much use of abstract nouns such as "basis,
case, character, connexion, dearth, description, duration, framework, lack,
nature, reference, regard, respect".  The existence of abstract nouns is a
proof that abstract thought has occurred; abstract thought is a mark of
civilized man; and so it has come about that periphrasis and civilization are
by many held to be inseparable.  These good people feel that there is an almost
indecent nakedness, a reversion to barbarism, in saying No news is good news
instead of "The absence of intelligence is an indication of satisfactory
developments."
		-- Fowler's English Usage
Who are the artists in the Computer Graphics Show?  Wavefront's latest box, or 
the people who programmed it?  Should Mandelbrot get all the credit for the 
output of programs like MandelVroom?
-- Peter da Silva
Magnocartic, adj.:
	Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping carts.
		-- Sniglets, "Rich Hall & Friends"
"With molasses you catch flies, with vinegar you catch nobody."
-- Baltimore City Councilman Dominic DiPietro
As I argued in "Beloved Son", a book about my son Brian and the subject
of religious communes and cults, one result of proper early instruction
in the methods of rational thought will be to make sudden mindless
conversions -- to anything -- less likely.  Brian now realizes this and
has, after eleven years, left the sect he was associated with.  The 
problem is that once the untrained mind has made a formal commitment to
a religious philosophy -- and it does not matter whether that philosophy
is generally reasonable and high-minded or utterly bizarre and 
irrational -- the powers of reason are suprisingly ineffective in 
changing the believer's mind.
- Steve Allen, comdeian, from an essay in the book "The Courage of 
  Conviction", edited by Philip Berman
Hanlon's Razor:
	Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained
	by stupidity.
===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Bug reports now amount to an average of 12,853 per day.  Unfortunately,
this is only a small fraction [ < 1% ] of the mail volume we receive.  In
order that we may more expeditiously deal with these valuable messages,
please communicate them by one of the following paths:

	ARPA:  WastebasketSLMHQ.ARPA
	UUCP:  [berkeley, seismo, harpo]!fubar!thekid!slmhq!wastebasket
 	Non-network sites:  Federal Express to:
		Wastebasket
		Room NE43-926
		Copernicus, The Moon, 12345-6789
	For that personal contact feeling call 1-415-642-4948; our trained
	operators are on call 24 hours a day.  VISA/MC accepted.*

* Our very rich lawyers have assured us that we are not 
  responsible for any errors or advice given over the phone.
Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar
This  message was brought to  you by Linux, the free  unix.
Windows without the X is like making love without a partner.
Sex, Drugs & Linux Rules
win-nt from the people who invented edlin
apples  have  meant  trouble  since  eden
Linux, the way to get rid of boot viruses
(By mwikholm@at8.abo.fi, MaDsen Wikholm)
We use Linux for all our mission-critical applications. Having the source code
means that we are not held hostage by anyone's support department.
(Russell Nelson, President of Crynwr Software)
A failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection.
The full potentialities of human fury cannot be reached until a friend
of both parties tactfully interferes.
		-- G.K. Chesterton
I stick my neck out for nobody.
		-- Humphrey Bogart, "Casablanca"
If you're happy, you're successful.
Tobacco is a filthy weed,
That from the devil does proceed;
It drains your purse, it burns your clothes,
And makes a chimney of your nose.
		-- B. Waterhouse
	Now she speaks rapidly.  "Do you know *why* you want to program?"
	He shakes his head.  He hasn't the faintest idea.
	"For the sheer *joy* of programming!" she cries triumphantly.  
"The joy of the parent, the artist, the craftsman.  "You take a program, 
born weak and impotent as a dimly-realized solution.  You nurture the 
program and guide it down the right path, building, watching it grow ever 
stronger.  Sometimes you paint with tiny strokes, a keystroke added here, 
a keystroke changed there."  She sweeps her arm in a wide arc.  "And other
times you savage whole *blocks* of code, ripping out the program's very 
*essence*, then beginning anew.  But always building, creating, filling the 
program with your own personal stamp, your own quirks and nuances.  Watching 
the program grow stronger, patching it when it crashes, until finally it can 
stand alone -- proud, powerful, and perfect.  This is the programmer's finest
hour!"  Softly at first, then louder, he hears the strains of a Sousa march. 
"This ... this is your canvas! your clay!  Go forth and create a masterwork!"
Throw away documentation and manuals,
and users will be a hundred times happier.
Throw away privileges and quotas,
and users will do the Right Thing.
Throw away proprietary and site licenses,
and there won't be any pirating.

If these three aren't enough,
just stay at your home directory 
and let all processes take their course.
I want to reach your mind -- where is it currently located?
Am I elected yet?
We are MicroSoft.  You will be assimilated.  Resistance is futile.
(Attributed to B.G., Gill Bates)
